Golem concepts fs (#250)
golemfactory/golem-docs: src/markdoc/partials/troubleshooting/requestor/receiver-is-gone.md

By uploading files exclusively to `VOLUME` directories, you can avoid this error.

> You can find more information on the file system configuration on a remote node [here](/docs/creators/common/providers-filesystem).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We've covered the way the filesystem works [here](/docs/creators/common/providers-filesystem) and we suggest giving it a read to understand the whole concept of why this is a requirement.
```
